Closes #1126 (#1131)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build-node-management.md

Use the `--chain <chainspec>` option to select the chain. Can be `polkadot`, `kusama`, `westend`, or
a custom chain spec. By default, the client will start Polkadot.

> [Video: How this selection works internally](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9vNCHz6wO4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch [How a single codebase can power four different blockchains](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9vNCHz6wO4) to learn more about how the chain selection works internally.
```
